Add GS:Visualization and Plots (#3050)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/start/visualization.md

# Visualization with DVC Plots

> In parallel with versioning parameters and metrics by associating them with

Reviewer: Early to edit language, but this paragraph is too complicated for the intro. 

- "multivariate outputs"
- DVC allows to generate plots - I think DVC also captures them, right? (keeps track)
- `In parallel with versioning parameters and metrics` - this means that it should go right after experiments show/run?

# Visualization with DVC Plots

As we discussed in [experiments] section, DVC versions the experiments by
associating parameters and metrics to them. On top of that, DVC can generate
plots and tracks plot images you generated from the code. As in other aspects of
the experiments, DVC is flexible and provides more than one option to fit
visualization to your workflow:

> 

Reviewer 2: Not sure what order makes the most sense here 🤔 . Not a blocker, but worth considering.
* Data series plots are the original and standard. They encourage best practices of saving data over visualizations of that data. I would say they are the most complex to understand, but they might also be helpful to understanding how other plots types are handled.
* Images are the most flexible and maybe most familiar/easiest for people to grasp.
* DVCLive requires the least amount of user code and resembles the most common plot provided in frameworks like mlflow.

- DVC can generate HTML files that includes interactive [Vega-Lite] plots, from

>   the data series in JSON, YAML, CSV, or TSV.

Reviewer 2: They can all generate HTML files, right? I would focus on being able to visualize data that you save, in contrast to images, which may be better suited if either you aren't interested in keeping the underlying data or you have more complex visualization needs.

- DVC can keep track of image files produced as plot outputs from the
  training/evaluation scripts.

> - DVC, with its [DVCLive] integration can produce plots automatically during

Reviewer 2: DVCLive can do all 3 of these plot types now 🎉 , but I agree with your focus here on the "live monitoring" functionality that distinguishes it from the other plots. Should we make it more clear that this is about tracking progress of metrics updates in realtime?

After running the experiment, with `dvc exp run`, DVC will produce
`plots/confusion.csv` file that can immediately be shown in the browser:

```dvc
$ dvc plots show plots/confusion.csv --template confusion -x actual -y predicted
file:///Users/.../example-dvc-experiments/plots/confusion.json.html
```

The file contains the following plot that shows the performance of the CNN
classifier:

![confusion matrix](/img/start_visualization_confusion1.png)

Now, let's produce another plot to see misclassified examples from each class.
This procedure is a bit more complex than creating a CSV file but you can see
the code in [Github][misclassified-example-code]

[misclassified-example-code]:
  https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/main/src/train.py#L58

We can see the misclassification examples in the browser:

```dvc
$ dvc plots show plots/confusion.png
```

DVC automatically shows the image in an HTML page.

![confusion image](/img/start_visualization_confusion2.png)

A major requirement for deep learning projects is to see in which epoch training
loss and validation loss differs. DVC helps in that regard with its integrations

> to major deep learning libraries via DVCLive.

Reviewer 2: Comparing training and validation may not be the best example since those would show up on two different plots (maybe just make it more general, like in which epoch loss was minimized). Being able to configure those to show up on the same plot would probably be useful in dvclive. cc @daavoo.

Reviewer 3: > Being able to configure those to show up on the same plot would probably be useful in dvclive. cc @daavoo.

With DVC integration, this should be possible with https://github.com/iterative/dvc/issues/7086 . Apart from that, the HTML report could be more interactive and include options to do this kind of merging.

---
title: 'Get Started: Visualization with Plots'
---

> # Get Started: Visualization with Plots

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure the frontmatter is needed when it matches the H1 actually. I forgot what the use and criteria was here...

Author: Other start pages are similar. Keeping this.

[confusion matrix]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confusion_matrix

Running the experiment with `dvc exp run` will produce `plots/confusion.csv`.
Use `dvc plots show` to present it as an HTML file, and open it in the browser:

```dvc
$ dvc plots show plots/confusion.csv --template confusion \
                                     -x actual -y predicted
file:///.../example-dvc-experiments/plots/confusion.json.html
```

![confusion matrix](/img/start_visualization_confusion1.png)

## Displaying user-generated plot images

Let's produce another plot to see misclassified examples from each class. This
procedure generates the misclassification examples from the validation data and
arranges them into a _confusion table_ that shows the correct label, and
misclassification sample. The code to generate an image from a set of training
images is omitted here but you can find the code in [the example
project.][misclassified-example-code]

[misclassified-example-code]:
  https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/48b1e5078c957f71674c00f416290eaa3b20b559/src/util.py#L49

```dvc
$ dvc plots show plots/misclassified.png
```

> ![misclassification image](/img/start_visualization_misclassification.png)

Reviewer 4: > Re https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3050#discussion_r850519636
```suggestion
![Misclassification table](/img/start_visualization_misclassification.png)
```

# Visualization with DVC Plots

In this section, we'll add visualization to [`example-dvc-experiments`][ede]
project. If you would like to try these yourself, please refer to the project
[README] about how to install.

[ede]: https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments
[readme]:

>   https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/main/README.md

Author: Normally, Readme requires to scroll to see. The given link opens a page without need to scroll.

>   https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/main/README.md

Reviewer 4: Yeah but adding a whole reiterative sentence just for that seems like too much. I think we much prefer being brief/concise in Get Started.

>   https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/main/README.md

Author: Do you recommend to delete the link, or delete the entire sentence?

>   https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/main/README.md

Reviewer 4: In my suggestion I removed the whole sentence but up to you how to resolve. This is minor but I still think we should be brief whenever possible in the GS. Thanks

[ede]: https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments
[readme]:
  https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/main/README.md

> ### Creating plots from tabular data

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Creating plots from tabular data
```

actual,predicted
0,0
0,2
...
```

We added a [straightforward loop] to the project to generate this file from the
predictions.

[straightforward loop]:

>   https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/main/src/train.py#L213

Reviewer 4: The link here is still outdated, should be `#L123`.

>   https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/main/src/train.py#L213

Reviewer 4: UPDATE: I'll fix it....

After running the experiment with `dvc exp run`, DVC will produce

> `plots/confusion.csv` file that can immediately be shown in the browser:

Reviewer 4: BUT why are we referring to experiments specifically? This GS page is independent right? Maybe use `repro` instead or be generic e.g. say "after running/reproducing the pipeline".

> `plots/confusion.csv` file that can immediately be shown in the browser:

Author: This one is related with the experiments, it's the second part in the experiments trail. Pipelines are another topic and visuals are considered to be more related with the experiments.

> `plots/confusion.csv` file that can immediately be shown in the browser:

Reviewer 4: Got it.

[loop]:
  https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/main/src/train.py#L123
[confusion matrix]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confusion_matrix

Running the experiment with `dvc exp run` will produce `plots/confusion.csv`.
Use `dvc plots show` to present it as an HTML file, and open it in the browser:

```dvc
$ dvc plots show plots/confusion.csv --template confusion \
                                     -x actual -y predicted

> file:///Users/.../example-dvc-experiments/plots/confusion.json.html

Reviewer 4: To avoid horizontal scroll
```suggestion
file:///.../example-dvc-experiments/plots/confusion.json.html
```

Reviewer 4: I guess I'll commit the ones that only improve the UI to make this faster...

Let's produce another plot to see misclassified examples from each class. This
procedure is a bit more complex than creating a CSV file but you can see the
code in [Github][misclassified-example-code]

[misclassified-example-code]:

>   https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/main/src/train.py#L58

Reviewer 4: The linked example seems to create a CSV file. So what do we mean by "it's a bit more complex" than that?

Probably no need to use these potentially scary terms anyway. I'd just link to the code and be more plain about it. Something like "Here's how the CSV plot file is generated" -- ideally as a note like the previous link to the code.

Reviewer 4: But should we show a sample of what the end-result (CSV file) looks like?

Author: It's not a CSV file, it's an image generated on-the-fly from other images so a bit more involved than creating a CSV file.

We can see the misclassification examples in the browser:

```dvc
$ dvc plots show plots/confusion.png
```

> 
> DVC automatically shows the image in an HTML page.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

> ![confusion image](/img/start_visualization_confusion2.png)

Reviewer 4: We previously said "Let's produce another plot" but this one is also called "confusion" which is 'confusing' 😋 , at least to me. Are both confusion matrices? Can we somehow clarify the situation e.g. give better names to the files?

Reviewer 4: I guess the larger comment here is that it's not clear what the purpose of this 2nd example is. If we're trying to show that DVC supports both data-series and image files, we should state that clearly somewhere.

An important issue for deep learning projects is to observe in which epoch
training loss and validation loss differs. DVC helps in that regard with its

> integrations to deep learning libraries via DVCLive.

Reviewer 4: Looks like we're pivoting to another subtopic completely here. It's worth a new header/section, I think.

Author: it's the DVCLive topic, yes.

> $ dvc plots show plots/confusion.png

Reviewer 4: _Follow-up to https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3050#discussion_r846954664_

> I https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3050#discussion_r822290526 find it a bit confusing to use a custom image plot example that is ALSO a confusion matrix (but not one generated with the confusion plot template as before)

Can this be renamed `confusion_table.png` at least, to avoid confusion over the confusions? 😬

Author: I changed the file name to `misclassified.png`

> ![confusion image](/img/start_visualization_confusion2.png)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
![Custom confusion table](/img/start_visualization_confusion2.png)
```

## Autogenerating plots from deep learning code

An important issue for deep learning projects is to observe in which epoch do
training and validation loss differ. DVC helps in that regard with its Python
integrations to deep learning libraries via [DVCLive].

The example project uses Keras to train a classifier, and we have a DVCLive
callback that visualizes the training and validation loss for each epoch. We
first import the callback from DVCLive.

```python
from dvclive.keras import DvcLiveCallback
```

> Then we add this callback to the `fit()` call.

Reviewer 4: _From https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3050#pullrequestreview-937490083_

> I don't think so. It's Keras specific, and Keras users already know to use those callbacks.

Yes but this page is not for Keras users. We just happen to use Keras in the example project.

```suggestion
Then we add this callback to the
[`fit` method](https://keras.io/api/models/model_training_apis/#fit-method)
call.
```

```python
model.fit(
 ...
 callbacks=[DvcLiveCallback()],
 ...)
```

> With these two changes, we can see the plots showing the defined metrics in our
> model. You can see the report in `training_metrics/index.html` with your
> browser:

Reviewer 4: This sentence is still confusing. It's more or less clear given the context but can we also clarify the text? Maybe

```suggestion
With these two changes, the model metrics are automatically logged to
`dvclive.json` and plotted in `training_metrics/index.html`:
```

> ![dvclive](/img/start_visualization_dvclive.png)

Author: This is the same in the documentation: https://dvc.org/doc/dvclive/dvclive-with-dvc#html-report

Zooming in to make the axis labels readable makes the whole chart so large. How could we solve this @daavoo ?

> ![dvclive](/img/start_visualization_dvclive.png)

Reviewer 4: We can still change the label as suggested for now.

> same in the documentation: https://dvc.org/doc/dvclive/dvclive-with-dvc#html-report

Yes we have that problem in a few places but at least those are GIFs and you can see changing plots so maybe it doesn't matter that much that the text is readable in some other cases.

> ![dvclive](/img/start_visualization_dvclive.png)

Author: I think it's better to create separate issue or deal with this in #3455

> ![dvclive](/img/start_visualization_dvclive.png)

Reviewer 4: Yes but still the image caption could be better. It's helpful to have descriptive image captions for SEO and even image searches.

DVCLive has other capabilities, like saving the model every epoch or modifying
these default values.

In summary, DVC provides more than one option to use visualization in your
workflow:

- DVC can generate HTML files that includes interactive plots from data series
  in JSON, YAML, CSV, or TSV format.

- DVC can keep track of image files produced as [plot outputs] from the
  training/evaluation scripts.

- [DVCLive] integrations can produce plots automatically during training.

[plot outputs]:
  /doc/user-guide/project-structure/pipelines-files#metrics-and-plots-outputs

> [dvclive]: https://dvc.org/doc/dvclive/dvclive-with-dvc

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[dvclive]: /doc/dvclive/dvclive-with-dvc
```

> # Visualization with Plots

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
---
title: 'Get Started: Visualization with Plots'
---

# Get Started: Visualization with Plots
```
(Committing)

arranges them into a _confusion table_ that shows the correct label, and
misclassification sample. The code to generate an image from a set of training
images is omitted here but you can find the code in [the example
project.][misclassified-example-code]

[misclassified-example-code]:
  https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/48b1e5078c957f71674c00f416290eaa3b20b559/src/util.py#L49

DVC automatically shows the image in an HTML page with the command:

```dvc
$ dvc plots show plots/confusion.png
```

![confusion image](/img/start_visualization_confusion2.png)

### Autogenerating plots with integrations

An important issue for deep learning projects is to observe in which epoch
training loss and validation loss differs. DVC helps in that regard with its
integrations to deep learning libraries via DVCLive.

The example project uses Keras to train a classifier, and we have a DVCLive
callback that visualizes the training and validation loss for each epoch. We
first import the callback from DVCLive.

```python
from dvclive.keras import DvcLiveCallback
```

Then we add this callback to `fit` callbacks.

```python
model.fit(
 ...
 callbacks=[DvcLiveCallback()],
 ...)
```

> With these two changes, we can see the plots showing the defined metrics in our
> model. You can see the HTML report with your browser in

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
With these two changes, we can see the plots defined in our model.
You can see the HTML report with your browser in
```

"plots defined in our model" -> do you mean defined in dvc.yaml ? Please clarify if possible.

> model. You can see the HTML report with your browser in
> `training_metrics/index.html` file.

Reviewer 4: 💅🏼 
```suggestion
model. You can see the report in `training_metrics/index.html`
with your browser:
```

![dvclive](/img/start_visualization_dvclive.png)

DVCLive has other capabilities, like saving the model every epoch or modifying

> these default values. Please refer to [DVClive documentation] for details.
> 
> [dvclive documentation]: /doc/dvclive/dvclive-with-dvc

Reviewer 4: We'd already have a dvclive link early in the section with one of my suggestions.
```suggestion
these default values.
```

In summary, DVC provides more than one option to fit visualization to your

> workflow:

Reviewer 4: > fit visualization to your workflow

What do you mean? Are we referring to model.fit() ?

> - DVC can generate HTML files that includes interactive [Vega-Lite] plots, from
>   the data series in JSON, YAML, CSV, or TSV.

Reviewer 4: Too late to introduce vega I think; Probably no need to mention this implementation detail in the GS. CE:

```suggestion
- DVC can generate HTML files that includes interactive plots from
  data series in JSON, YAML, CSV, or TSV format.
```

> - DVC can keep track of image files produced as plot outputs from the
>   training/evaluation scripts.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- DVC can keep track of image files produced as [plot outputs] from the
  training/evaluation scripts.
```

> - DVC, with its [DVCLive] integration can produce plots automatically during
>   training.

Reviewer 4: 💅🏼 
```suggestion
- [DVCLive] integrations can produce plots automatically during training.
```

> [experiments]: /doc/start/experiments
> [vega-lite]: https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[plot outputs]:
  /doc/user-guide/project-structure/pipelines-files#metrics-and-plots-outputs
```

> [dvclive]: https://dvc.org/doc/dvclive

Reviewer 4: ... I'd just change it in general to 

```suggestion
[dvclive]: https://dvc.org/doc/dvclive/dvclive-with-dvc
```

procedure generates the misclassification examples from the validation data and
arranges them into a _confusion table_ that shows the correct label, and
misclassification sample. The code to generate an image from a set of training
images is omitted here but you can find the code in [the example
project.][misclassified-example-code]

[misclassified-example-code]:
  https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/48b1e5078c957f71674c00f416290eaa3b20b559/src/util.py#L49

DVC automatically shows the image in an HTML page with the command:

```dvc
$ dvc plots show plots/confusion.png
```

![confusion image](/img/start_visualization_confusion2.png)

### Autogenerating plots with integrations

An important issue for deep learning projects is to observe in which epoch
training loss and validation loss differs. DVC helps in that regard with its
integrations to deep learning libraries via DVCLive.

The example project uses Keras to train a classifier, and we have a DVCLive
callback that visualizes the training and validation loss for each epoch. We
first import the callback from DVCLive.

```python
from dvclive.keras import DvcLiveCallback
```

> Then we add this callback to `fit` callbacks.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Then we add this callback to `fit()`.
```
^ Do we need more of an explanation here?

Author: I don't think so. It's Keras specific, and Keras users already know to use those callbacks.

```python

> 
> model.fit(
>  ...
>  callbacks=[DvcLiveCallback()],
>  ...)
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
model.fit(
 ...
 callbacks=[DvcLiveCallback()],
 ...)
```

# Visualization with Plots

> In this section, we'll add visualization to the [`example-dvc-experiments`][ede]
> project. If you would like to try these yourself, please refer to the project

Reviewer 4: Minor: Maybe worth linking?

```suggestion
In this section, we'll add visualization to the [`example-dvc-experiments`][ede]
project (explored [previously](/doc/start/experiments)). If you would like to try these yourself, please refer to the project
```

Reviewer 4: p.s. note also the paragraph full stop `.` si missing.

[README] about how to install.

[ede]: https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments
[readme]:
  https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/main/README.md

> ### Creating plots from text with DVC

Reviewer 4: All these headers should be `##` I think.

Reviewer 4: > these headers should be ##

In this case I'd also update the title a little:
```suggestion
### Creating plots from tabular data
```

> A useful plot to show the classification performance is the confusion matrix. In

Reviewer 4: Link "confusion matrix" to somewhere? E.g. https://towardsdatascience.com/understanding-confusion-matrix-a9ad42dcfd62

> A useful plot to show the classification performance is the confusion matrix. In

Reviewer 4: Link "confusion matrix" to somewhere? E.g. https://towardsdatascience.com/understanding-confusion-matrix-a9ad42dcfd62

> order to produce it, DVC expects a CSV **plot file** in the form:

Reviewer 4: As of now we always use plural in this term. Not sure if ti's best but we can discuss separately if needed. For now let's be consistent?

```suggestion
order to produce it, DVC expects a CSV **plots file** in the form:
```

```csv
actual,predicted
0,0
0,2
...
```

> We added a [loop] comparing the results to generate this file from the
> predictions.

[loop]:

>   https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/main/src/train.py#L213

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/main/src/train.py#L123
```

> After running the experiment with `dvc exp run`, DVC will produce
> `plots/confusion.csv` file presenting the classifier performance and open it in
> the browser:

Reviewer 4: Confusing to say that a CS file presents something. `dvc plots` will present the CSV file actually, right? Maybe

```suggestion
After running the experiment with `dvc exp run`, DVC will produce
`plots/confusion.csv`. Use `dvc plots show` to present it as an HTML
file, and open it in the browser:
```

> After running the experiment with `dvc exp run`, DVC will produce
> `plots/confusion.csv` file presenting the classifier performance and open it in
> the browser:

Reviewer 4: Confusing to say that a CSV file presents something. `dvc plots` will present the CSV file actually, right? Maybe

```suggestion
Running the experiment with `dvc exp run` will produce
`plots/confusion.csv`. Use `dvc plots show` to present it as an HTML
file, and open it in the browser:
```

```dvc
$ dvc plots show plots/confusion.csv --template confusion \
                                     -x actual -y predicted
file:///Users/.../example-dvc-experiments/plots/confusion.json.html
```

![confusion matrix](/img/start_visualization_confusion1.png)

> ### Using plots generated by scripts

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Displaying user-generated plot images
```

> Let's produce another plot to see misclassified examples from each class. This
> procedure generates the misclassification examples from the validation data and
> arranges them into a _confusion table_ that shows the correct label, and
> misclassification sample. The code to generate an image from a set of training
> images is omitted here but you can find the code in [the example
> project.][misclassified-example-code]

Reviewer 4: I'm trying to simplify this explanation because atm it's very hard to read or understand TBH. How about

```suggestion
Let's produce another plot to see misclassified examples from each class. This
uses validation data, arranging it into a custom _confusion table_ that shows
the wrong label and sample image matches.

> You can find the code in [the example project][misclassified-example-code].
```

> I'm not sure I got the logic exactly right there, please adjust as needed.

Reviewer 4: However, I find it a bit confusing to use a custom image plot example that is ALSO a confusion matrix (but not one generated with the confusion plot template as before). Probably too much to ask at this point but consider using some other kind of plot (or mark this as a possible improvement for the future).

[misclassified-example-code]:
  https://github.com/iterative/example-dvc-experiments/blob/48b1e5078c957f71674c00f416290eaa3b20b559/src/util.py#L49

> DVC automatically shows the image in an HTML page with the command:
> 

Reviewer 4: This [still](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3050#discussion_r822289856) seems redundant.
```suggestion
```

```dvc
$ dvc plots show plots/confusion.png
```

![confusion image](/img/start_visualization_confusion2.png)

> ### Autogenerating plots with integrations

Reviewer 4: Maybe
```suggestion
## Autogenerating plots from deep learning code
```

An important issue for deep learning projects is to observe in which epoch
training loss and validation loss differs. DVC helps in that regard with its

> integrations to deep learning libraries via DVCLive.

Reviewer 4: CE
```suggestion
An important issue for deep learning projects is to observe in which epoch
do training and validation loss differ. DVC helps in that regard with its
Python integrations to deep learning libraries via DVCLive.

The example project uses Keras to train a classifier, and we have a DVCLive
callback that visualizes the training and validation loss for each epoch. We
first import the callback from DVCLive.

```python

> 
> from dvclive.keras import DvcLiveCallback
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
from dvclive.keras import DvcLiveCallback
```

> # Visualization with DVC Plots

Reviewer: this will be part of the experiments - like start/experiments/visualization?

Author: It may have a deeper URL or can be like `start/visualization` if we don't plan to add too many sections to the trail.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand this - will it be an independent trail then? Initial idea I think was to have three trails - each trail introduces DVC from a bit different starting point, but ideally touches (or gives a way to explore) all the areas. I'm not sure how we can combine this approach with an independent section. Does it makes sense to go back and discuss one more time the "start" structure?

Author: My original plan was to have trails consisting of "stepping stones," 100-200 words each. These stepping stones will be linked together. In total 3 trails, each having 5-7 small sections. 

But, as it looks we are going to keep the current structure more or less, visualization can be the last element in Getting Started, and in this case no need to put this in `start/experiments/visualization`. We can use `start/visualization` I believe.

Reviewer: why not follow the original plan though? what is the reason to keep them on the global level?

also this way it overlaps with the metrics-params-plots section?

Reviewer: > But, as it looks we are going to keep the current structure more or less

I thought we are still moving into 2-4 trails with a few sections inside. Not sure when we made the decision against it.

In parallel with versioning parameters and metrics by associating them with
experiments, DVC allows to generate plots from multivariate outputs. There are
several options to generate and keep track of the plots:

- DVC can generate HTML files that includes interactive Vega-Lite plots, from
  the data series in JSON, YAML, CSV, or TSV.

- DVC can keep track of image files produced as plot outputs from the
  training/evaluation scripts.

- DVC, with its DVCLive integration can produce plots automatically during
  training.

> In this document, we'll focus on the first option and briefly describe the other

Reviewer: dvclove is the third option though?

Author: What would you recommend on this? These three options look mutually exclusive to me, and structuring the document on one of them makes the others a bit distracting. If users are expected to learn the manual visualization, starting from DVCLive makes most of the stuff hidden _under the carpet._ If we start from manual plotting, telling DVCLive later will be confusing. 

I plan to start from generating a confusion matrix in Vega, then building a "misclassifed examples from each class" image. It will be like a confusion matrix but will show (28x28 image) samples instead of numbers. This will show the `dvc plots`' image capabilities. 

In this scenario, I think DVCLive can also be used to track the progress of training, but it may be distracting. WDYT? @shcheklein @dberenbaum

two. Please see `dvc plots` and the DVCLive documentation for details.

> - [ ] Configure the plots to use dvclive output

Reviewer: I'm concerned a bit that `dvclive` is just a specific type of a plot and we start with it here. Does it make sense to start with something like confusion matrix here instead and then show that it's also `live` and images (in some simple way).

Author: That's also a good point. I'm implementing the confusion matrix (for Vega) in the newer example-dvc-exp-init project now. Instead of DVCLive, we can start from the basic plots using Vega-Lite, then move to images as plots. Which path would make more sense?
